In the current implementation of class chat logic,
all the graph node instances are accessible by a vector called underscore nodes,
where raw pointers to the nodes on the heap are stored.
But when class chat logic or when an instance of class chat logic is destroyed,
delete has to be called on them to avoid a memory leak.
This exercise will be about adapting
the vector underscore nodes in a way that the instances of
graph nodes to which the vector elements refer are
exclusively owned by the class chat logic.
Please make use of an appropriate type of smart pointer to achieve this.
We're required to make changes to the codes such that
data structures and function parameters reflect these changes.
When passing the graph node instances to functions,
please also make sure to not transfer ownership and try
to contain the changes to cause chat logic where possible.
Use the C++ guidelines and smart pointers to
decide where changes are appropriate and where not.